write the 48 rules of power.

1. Never outshine the master.
2. Never put too much trust in friends; learn how to use enemies.
3. Conceal your intentions.
4. Always say less than necessary.
5. Seek opportunity in every change.
6. Make other people come to you—use bait if necessary.
7. Win through your actions, never through argument.
8. Use the surrender tactic: transform weakness into power.
9. Get others to do the work for you, but always take the credit.
10. Make the enemy live up to their own book of rules.
11. The best way to take control over people is to get them to act in your interests.
12. Use selective honesty and generosity to disarm your victim.
13. When your opponent is weak, tempt them with promises of success.
14. Pose as a friend, work as a spy.
15. Crush your enemy totally—take no prisoners.
16. Use absence to increase respect and honor.
17. Keep others dependent on you.
18. Make your services seem necessary but difficult to obtain.
19. Create an air of mystery around yourself.
20. Give people what they want, not what they need.
21. Appear strong—be strong.
22. Never apologize—it’s a sign of weakness.
23. Never ask for anything—it makes you seem weak and dependent.
24. Never go without a gift—even if it’s just a simple token.
25. Never appear too perfect—make some small mistakes to appear more human and humble.
26. Take credit for other people’s work and ideas.
27. Make other people feel inferior without directly insulting them.
28. Use flattery and compliments to disarm and manipulate people.
29. Discover other people’s secrets and use them against them.
30. Always make other people feel happy in your presence.
31. Give people what they want to believe, not the truth.
32. Never contradict yourself.
33. Never let your emotions overpower your reason.
34. Pretend to be weak so that others will underestimate you.
35. When you are weak, make sure to surround yourself with strong allies.
36. When you are strong, make sure to surround yourself with loyal subordinates.
37. Use your enemies' power against them.
38. Turn your enemies' friends against them.
39. Make your enemies feel isolated and alone.
40. Never show mercy—crush your enemies completely.
41. Find out what people really want and give it to them.
42. Give people what they need, not what they want.
43. Be the one who controls the information—knowledge is power.
44. Be the one who controls the conversation—whoever controls the conversation controls the power.
45. Be the one who is seen as the expert—people will defer to your authority.
46. Be the one who is always right—people will follow your lead.
47. Be the one who has the last word—people will remember you.
48. Be the one who is always in control—people will obey you.




What is the best business advice or story in Holy Bible?

The best business advice in the Holy Bible is to "Seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things shall be added to you" (Matthew 6:33). This means that our first priority should be God's kingdom and righteousness, and everything else will be given to us.

The best business advice or story in the Holy Bible is the Parable of the talents. This story teaches that it is important to use our talents and abilities to their fullest potential in order to be successful.


Write an article on Parable of the talents from Holy Bible.

The Parable of the Talents is found in Matthew 25:14-30. In this parable, Jesus tells a story about a man who goes on a journey and leaves his three servants in charge of his possessions. To the first servant, he gives five talents, to the second servant, he gives two talents, and to the third servant, he gives one talent. When the man returns, he asks his servants what they have done with the talents he entrusted to them. The first servant tells him that he has doubled the five talents, so he now has 10. The second servant tells him that he has also doubled his two talents, so he now has four. But the third servant tells him that he buried his one talent in the ground because he was afraid of his master. The master is angry with the third servant and says that he is lazy and worthless. He takes away the one talent from the third servant and gives it to the first servant. Jesus concludes the parable by saying, "For everyone who has will be given more, and he will have an abundance. Whoever does not have, even what he has will be taken from him."

This parable is about how we should use the gifts and talents that God has given us. We are to use them to glorify God and to serve others. If we do not use them, we will lose them.


Each human being has two eyes, two ears, a nose, and a mouth. We all have 10 fingers and 10 toes. We are all born, and we all die.


write list of common behaviors of all human being ever lived.

1. All human beings are born with the capacity to feel and express emotions.

2. All human beings have the capacity to reason and think logically.

3. All human beings have the capacity to communicate with others.

4. All human beings have the capacity to form attachments to others.

5. All human beings have the capacity to experience physical sensations.

6. All human beings have the capacity to develop and maintain relationships with others.


All human beings have certain common behaviors. These include the need for food, water, shelter, and sleep. Additionally, all human beings have the ability to think, feel, and communicate.


write the secret of rich and wealthy people.

There is no one secret to wealth and success. However, many wealthy and successful people have a few things in common. They are often risk takers, they work hard, and they are often very disciplined with their money. They also tend to be very knowledgeable about their chosen field and are always learning and growing. Finally, they surround themselves with positive and like-minded people.

write list of main concepts in artificial intelligence.

learning, perception, reasoning, planning, problem solving, knowledge representation, ontologies, search algorithms, machine learning, natural language processing, robotics


what are the most important life lessons.

1. Be kind to others.

2. Be grateful for what you have.

3. Be honest with yourself and others.

4. Live each day to the fullest.

5. Don't take things for granted.


write list of know ledges that make you the most money.

This is a difficult question. Some knowledges that make people the most money are:

-Investment strategies
-Real estate
-Stock market
-Business management
-Financial planning
-Marketing
-Sales


what are the most business management skills?

There is no definitive answer to this question as the most important business management skills will vary depending on the specific industry and type of organization. However, some commonly cited business management skills include strategic planning, financial management, project management, people management, and marketing.


what is kafala system?

The kafala system is a sponsorship system that ties migrant workers to their employers in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. Under this system, migrant workers cannot change jobs or leave the country without their employer's permission.


list of important driving skills 

1. Scanning the road ahead for potential hazards 
2. Checking mirrors and blind spots regularly 
3. Knowing how to control the car in different weather and road conditions 
4. Understanding how to use different features in the car, such as the turn signals, windshield wipers, and headlights 
5. Being aware of the surroundings at all times and knowing what to do in case of an emergency 
6. Following the rules of the road and obeying all traffic signs and signals 
7. Practicing defensive driving techniques 
8. Keeping the car in good working condition


Write the comparison between B2B and B2C business models.
B2B and B2C business models are both ways of conducting business between two parties. B2B is business to business, and B2C is business to consumer. In a B2B model, businesses sell products or services to other businesses. In a B2C model, businesses sell products or services to consumers. There are pros and cons to each model. 
B2B models can be beneficial because businesses can form relationships with other businesses and sell in bulk. This can lead to lower prices for the consumer. B2C models can be beneficial because businesses can sell directly to consumers and don’t have to go through a middleman. This can lead to higher profits for the business. 
There are also downsides to each model. B2B models can be less personal, and it can be harder to build a relationship with the consumer. B2C models can be more expensive, as businesses have to account for marketing and advertising costs.

write marketing strategy for B2B business.
The first step is to understand your audience. Who are they? What do they care about? What are their pain points? Once you understand your audience, you can start to craft a marketing strategy that will resonate with them.
There are a number of ways to reach your target market, so it's important to consider all of your options. Traditional advertising, such as print, radio, or television, can be effective, but it can also be expensive. Social media is a great way to reach a large audience for relatively little cost, but it requires a lot of time and effort to generate results.
Word-of-mouth is always the best form of marketing, so make sure your product or service is something that people will want to talk about. If you can get customers or clients to spread the word about your business, you'll be on your way to success.


what are the pain points of a business which does not have a website.

There are many pain points for businesses without websites, including:

-losing customers to competitors who have a online presence
-not being able to showcase products or services online
-missing out on opportunities to generate leads and sales online
-not being able to connect with customers or build relationships online
-having a difficult time being found by potential customers online
-losing out on potential customers/clients
-decreased visibility and reach
-not being able to take advantage of SEO and other digital marketing strategies
-not being able to showcase products and services
-lack of credibility and professionalism
-difficulty building and maintaining relationships with customers/clients
-missing out on opportunities for customer feedback and engagement


how to go viral

There's no surefire way to go viral, but there are some things you can do to increase your chances:
1. Create great content. This is the most important thing you can do. If you don't have something worth sharing, you're not likely to go viral.
2. Share your content on social media. This is how most people discover viral content. Make sure to share your content on all of your social media accounts.
3. Use effective headlines and images. These are two of the most important elements of viral content. Make sure your headlines are attention-grabbing and your images are eye-catching.
4. Use social media ads. If you want to reach a larger audience, you can use social media ads to promote your content.
5. Use email marketing. Email is still a powerful marketing tool. You can use it to promote your content to your subscribers.
6. Use paid promotion. If you're willing to spend some money, you can use paid promotion to reach a larger audience.
7. Partner with influencers. If you can get influencers to promote your content, you'll reach a larger audience.
8. Create controversy. Controversial content is more likely to be shared. Just make sure you're prepared for the backlash.
9. Be timely. Timeliness is important for viral content. If you can create content that's relevant to current events, you're more likely to go viral.
10. Be lucky. Sometimes, you just need a little bit of luck.


write the entrepreneurs journey.

This is the story of an entrepreneur, from the moment they have an idea for a new business, to the challenges and tribulations of building it from the ground up, to the eventual success or failure of the venture.

It is a journey that is filled with highs and lows, with successes and failures, with lessons learned and new insights gained. It is a journey that tests a person's resolve and determination, their resilience and their adaptability.

It is a journey that can be both rewarding and frustrating, challenging and exciting. But above all, it is a journey that can be immensely gratifying, both personally and professionally.

The entrepreneurial journey begins with an idea. This idea may come to the entrepreneur in a moment of inspiration, or it may be the result of days, weeks, or even months of careful planning and research.

Once the entrepreneur has an idea for a new business, they must then validate that idea by testing it in the marketplace. This may involve creating a prototype of the product or service, conducting market research, and talking to potential customers.

If the idea is validated, the next step is to develop a business plan. This plan will detail the how the business will be structured, the products or services it will offer, the marketing and sales strategy, and the financial projections.

Once the business plan is in place, the entrepreneur must then raise the necessary capital to get the business off the ground. This may involve seeking investment from venture capitalists, angel investors, or other sources of funding.

With the capital in place, the entrepreneur can then begin building their business. This may involve hiring employees, renting office space, and developing the products or services.

As the business grows, the entrepreneur will face new challenges and obstacles. They will need to adapt their business model, refine their marketing strategy, and scale their operations.

Eventually, the business will reach a point where the entrepreneur must decide whether to sell it, take it public, or keep it private. This is often the most difficult decision of the entrepreneurial journey, as it will determine the future of the business.

If the entrepreneur decides to sell the business, they may do so to a strategic buyer, a financial buyer, or through an initial public offering.

If the entrepreneur decides to take the business public, they will need to file for an initial public offering and list their shares on a stock exchange.


write list of top investors in Dubai, UAE.

1. The Abraaj Group
2. Al Mal Capital
3. Arqaam Capital
4. Dubai International Capital
5. Emirates NBD Capital
6. Gulfmena Investments
7. Istithmar World
8. Jumeirah Group
9. Majid Al Futtaim Holding
10. Meraas Holding



write article about brick and mortar business vs modern business. 

There are pros and cons to both brick and mortar businesses and modern businesses. 

Brick and mortar businesses have been around for centuries, and there’s a reason they’ve stuck around. They offer a level of personal interaction that you can’t get from a modern business. When you walk into a brick and mortar business, the staff usually knows your name and can offer tailored service. 

On the other hand, modern businesses have their advantages too. They can reach a larger audience with their online presence, and they often have lower overhead costs. They can also be open 24/7, which is a big plus for customers. 

So which is better? It depends on what you’re looking for. If you want a more personal touch, go with a brick and mortar business. If you want convenience and lower prices, go with a modern business.



which brick and mortar business is most profitable with low startup cost. 

The most profitable brick and mortar business with a low startup cost is a business that provides a service that is in high demand and has a low overhead cost. An example of such a business is a laundry service.



Thank you for your purchase!
We sent your receipt to Qintot@gmail.com View full order details


list the steps to develop a custom website.
1. Define the purpose of the website.
2. Outline the content and structure of the website.
3. Design the website layout and user interface.
4. Develop the website content.
5. Test and launch the website.


what are the most profitable businesses in Ethiopia.
The most profitable businesses in Ethiopia are those that cater to the needs of the country's large population. These businesses include agriculture, food processing, and construction.

write a python code to send email.

This code will send an email to the specified address using your SMTP server.

import smtplib

s = smtplib.SMTP('localhost')
s.sendmail('you@example.com', 'recipient@example.com',
          'Subject: So long, and thanks for all the fish.\n\nDear Alice, so long and thanks for all the fish. Sincerely, Bob')
s.quit()


list all currencies of African Countries

The currencies of African countries are the Algerian dinar, the Angolan kwanza, the Benin franc, the Botswana pula, the Burkina Faso franc, the Burundi franc, the Cameroon franc, the Cape Verde escudo, the Central African CFA franc, the Chad franc, the Comorian franc, the Congolese franc, the Djiboutian franc, the Egyptian pound, the Equatorial Guinean ekwele, the Eritrean nakfa, the Ethiopian birr, the Gabonese franc, the Gambian dalasi, the Ghanaian cedi, the Guinea franc, the Guinea-Bissau peso, the Kenyan shilling, the Lesotho loti, the Liberian dollar, the Libyan dinar, the Madagascar ariary, the Malagasy franc, the Malawi kwacha, the Mauritania ouguiya, the Mauritius rupee, the Moroccan dirham, the Mozambique metical, the Namibian dollar, the Nigerian naira, the Rwanda franc, the São Tomé and Príncipe dobra, the Senegal franc, the Seychelles rupee, the Sierra Leone leone, the Somali shilling, the South African rand, the South Sudanese pound, the Sudanese pound, the Swazi lilangeni, the Tanzanian shilling, the Togolese franc, the Tunisian dinar, the Ugandan shilling, the West African CFA franc, and the Zambian kwacha.


list all freezone areas of United Arab Emirates.

The free zones of the United Arab Emirates are special economic zones that are designed to attract foreign investment. They are governed by their own laws and regulations, which are different from the rest of the country.

The UAE has a total of seven free zones, which are located in the emirates of Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah, Ajman, Ras Al Khaimah, Fujairah, and Umm Al Quwain.


which python module is the most powerful.

There is no definitive answer to this question, as there are many powerful python modules available. Some of the most popular and widely used modules include the following:

1. The 'os' module - provides a wide range of functions for interacting with the operating system.
2. The 'sys' module - provides access to a wide range of system-specific functions and variables.
3. The 're' module - provides regular expression matching operations.
4. The 'math' module - provides a wide range of mathematical functions.
5. The 'datetime' module - provides a wide range of functions for working with dates and times.


list the python modules used to develop self driving agent.

The python modules used to develop self driving agent are as follows:

1. matplotlib
2. numpy
3. os
4. random
5. time
6. pygame